Person 1: Hello and welcome to our project: ChromeCart
Person 2: ChromeCart is a chrome extension that makes online shopping much 
        easier.
Person 3: While big companies such as Amazon and Ebay have a myriad of 
        products which they sell, online-shoppers undoubtly still use
        multiple websites before making a decision regarding what they'll
        be purchasing
Person 1: ChromeCart recognizes when a user puts an item into their online
        cart and, when enabled, adds this item, along with various information
        about the product including the price and url, to a collective list
        of any item that they added to their cart on any other site.
Person 2: By doing this, the user is able to quickly see what they have put
        in their cart and make it easier to both compare items and refer to
        them for a future time.
---START DEMO HERE---
https://www.amazon.com/AUKEY-Bedside-Dimmable-Changing-Bedrooms/dp/B01AJ7F14I/ref=sr_1_4?dchild=1&keywords=lamp&qid=1611495849&sr=8-4
Person 3: Here is an example of how this works. Say a user is browsing for
        lamp on Amazon. If they choose to add it to their cart, they will also
        see it being added to the list of items in the chrome extension. 
Person 1: For whatever site that they are on, we have added an action listener
        on the "add to cart button" which, when clicked, triggers a series of
        events that eventually add the item to the list.
Person 2: To view their cart, the user simply presses the plugin in the top
        right hand corner of their chrome browser. By doing this, they will
        see all of the important information about the product.
Person 3: The user is also able to quickly view each item on the list by simply
        clicking on the name of the product.
---END DEMO---
Person 1: While we have the basic functionality of ChromeCart set up, there
        are some improvements that we have in mind. Firstly, our extension
        works with several major sites, but we want ChromeCart to be usable
        on every single online store. To do this, we would need to work on
        the generalization of finding the "add to cart button" as each site
        has a different way of storing the button information.
Person 2: In addition to this, we would also like to add a feature which
        helps the user with the financial aspect. We'd like to add some 
        sort of budget feature which notifies the user once they've gone over
        their established budget.
Person 3: Thanks for watching.



